Increase scale of resolved cfd dem (#488)
lethe-cfd/lethe: doc/source/parameters/resolved_cfd-dem/resolved_cfd-dem.rst

		set particle nonlinear tolerance            = 1e-6
		set DEM coupling frequency                  = 1000
		set alpha                                   = 1

> 		set contact search radius factor            = 0

Reviewer: I would also force it to be bigger than 1 and throw an error otherwise.

* The ``alpha`` parameter is the relaxation parameter used when solving the dynamics equation of the particle.

> * The ``contact search radius factor`` parameter is used to create the list of potential contacting particles. Two given particles with respective radii :math:`R_1` and :math:`R_2` are in potential contact if the distance between them is < :math:`(R_1 + R_2) * factor`. If no value is provided this parameter is set to 3.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* The ``contact search radius factor`` parameter is used to create the list of potential contacting particles. Two given particles with respective radii :math:`R_1` and :math:`R_2` are in potential contact if the distance between them is < :math:`(R_1 + R_2) * factor`. The default value of this parameter is set to 3.
```

* The ``alpha`` parameter is the relaxation parameter used when solving the dynamics equation of the particle.

> * The ``contact search radius factor`` parameter is used to create the list of potential contacting particles. If ``contact search radius factor`` > 1, two given particles with respective radius :math:`R_1` and :math:`R_2` are in potential contact if the distance between them is < :math:`(R_1 + R_2) * factor`. Alternatively, if ``contact search radius factor`` < or = 1, all particles are considered in potential contact with each other. If no value is provided this parameter is set to 0.

Reviewer 2: Why set it to zero, I don't understand...
